pseudo.txt file, submitted by amjad khan.

Thinking like a programmer:
Compulsory Task 1

Sub-Task 1: Total number of vowels?

Set the count = 0
For each subsequent letter entry, keep increasing 
the count by 1.
Stop counting when a number, instead of a letter is entered.

Compare each entered letter to the vowels a, e, i, o, u. 

If the entered letter is equal to any vowel, count 1 and keep 
increasing the count by 1 for each subsequent letter=vowel 
condition.

When all letters are tested for the above condition, the counter gives the total number 
of vowels in set of entered/compared letters.



Thinking like a programmer:
Compulsory Task 1

Sub-Task 2: An algorithm to find averages of even and odd integers

Enter an integer.

Check if it is an even number i.e. n= 0,2,4,6...

If it is an even number, count one more to the previous even number
entry i.e. n+1, repeat the process for all the subsequent numbers
entered.

Average of even numbers = Sum of all even numbers divided by the
total number of even entries.

If the entered integer is not an even number, else it's odd.

Average of odd integers = Sum of all odd numbers divided by the
number (frequency) of odd integers entered.



Thinking like a programmer:
Compulsory Task 1

Sub-Task 3: An  algorithm that reads a list of names and prints
them out in alphabetical order.

Input list of names.

Compare first letter of the first name with the first letter 
of the second name and maintain the alphabetical order as follows:

If the first letter of the first name is lower in the alphabetical
order as compared to the first letter of the second name, names are not
swapped.

If the first letter of the first name is higher up in the 
alphabetical order as compared to the first letter of the second
name, then both names are swapped to achieve alphabetical order.

The same process is repeated, comparing the first letter of each 
name with the first letter of the subsequent name. 

Alphabetical order is achieved, by either retaining the 
position of both names or by swapping them.













